Welcome back everyone.
Today we'll begin with our very first try directing customers to Scrooge and props to the here in this
marketplace.
Many companies have a small press.
Often these companies have a subscription approach.
They want their users to vote.
In some examples you may have seen it.
Re Pandora premium videos they ought to be providing free versions of the products in Turquand users
to pay for more previews features.
The target audience for this project are customers who are using the company's free product.
The pilot itself and the any relevant speech but he must have both these three papers.
The goal the product will be to convert these free users into paid members.
In this study will be working for a company that provides users with financial tracking prowess.
He has a free version of sports papers.
We are tasked with building a model 20:25 these users who are not likely to vote in the paid version
of the act.
By doing this the company can spend a lot more money targeting these users and save money by not harming
those who will roll as by working for a company with a mobile app.
We have access to the specially of all the behaviors of all parties.
This is correct the rise of the app screens.
They are busy.
The app you see that is only for the first 24 hours.
From the time it first opened the.
This because the company three trial expires only after 24 hours.
The company was to launch marketing campaigns tarries users shortly after the free trial ends.
Which is why we're leaving ourselves to only use this tape of the next video.
We'll explore a little bit more about how it looks and will be in the process.
See you next time.